Yes yes I know I told you that we're going to finally get to classes in the next video but I do want
to show you one more thing quickly just to solidify our knowledge now that we understand constructor
functions.
This should make sense now.
If I do variable A equals new number five.
Well we know that JavaScript is going to create number five for us.
But you see here how A is actually a type of object because we've used a constructor function so it's
not the same as me saying variable B equals to 5 which is
a number.
I know that's really confusing.
But if I do a equals b and I run this I get false because there's two different ways of constructing
these things in JavaScript.
If I just do two equals I get true because these types get worst.
Something that we've already learned about.
So how does it work when I do B dot to string.
You see that I have all these methods available to us even though type of B is a number and as we saw
numbers are just primitive types well in JavaScript when we do something like this where we assign a
variable internally it's going to construct the number that we've added so that we have access to all
these methods and that's how we can use things like to fixed to string or even on string values string
primitives.
We can do things like this javascript sees that you want to use object methods so it automatically assumes
you meant object instead of primitive.
So it runs this internally and this is how things like new date works as well you're creating objects
and it's useful because they have built in prototype methods so that on these dates we can run a different
sort of methods.
How cool is that yes technically in JavaScript everything is an object.
Everything has a constructor function for it.
I mean with the exception of null and undefined we have constructor functions for everything so that
we have methods that we can use.
All right.
Hopefully your brain doesn't hurt too much after that.
Let's get back to Obi.